Turtle Sim LLC operates the http://www.turtlesim.com/ website, as well as apps Physics Lab AR & Turtle Universe, which provide the Services.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the website and/or Physics Lab AR & Turtle Universe.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. In all cases, our Services do not store any of your Personal Identifiable Information. In order to authenticate your online account, you might be asked to provide your email address and/or phone number with explicit consent. Those Personal Identifiable Information will be processed and discarded. 

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at http://www.turtlesim.com/products/Term-Of-Use.txt, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser/app sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your browser/app version, pages/views of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. All those data will then be anonymized on your device and we cannot identify you thereafter.

Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our website does not use these "cookies" to collection any of your information.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Services;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform our Service users that these third parties may have access to your Personal Identifiable Information, based on their privacy policies. You will be explicitly notified about those services.

Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 12. We do not knowingly collect Personal Identifiable Information from children under 14. In the case we discover that a child under 14 has provided us with Personal Identifiable Information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page. 

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us: civitas@u.northwestern.edu

Turtle Sim LLC 运营 http://www.turtlesim.com/ 网站，以及提供服务的应用程序：物理实验室和海龟实验室。

如果有人决定使用我们的服务、网站和/或物理实验室和海龟实验室，此页面用于告知网站访问者我们收集、使用和披露个人信息的政策。

如果您选择使用我们的服务，则表示您同意收集和使用与本政策相关的信息。在任何情况下，我们的服务都不会存储您的任何个人身份信息。为了验证您的在线帐户，您可能需要在明确同意的情况下提供您的电子邮件地址和/或电话号码。 这些个人身份信息将被处理和丢弃。

本隐私政策中使用的术语与我们的条款和条件具有相同的含义，可在 http://www.turtlesim.com/products/Term-Of-Use.txt 访问，除非本隐私政策中另有定义。

日志数据
我们想通知您，无论何时您访问我们的服务，我们都会收集您的浏览器/应用程序发送给我们的信息，称为日志数据。 此日志数据可能包括您的浏览器/应用程序版本、您访问的我们服务的页面/视图、您访问的时间和日期、在这些页面上花费的时间以及其他统计数据等信息。 所有这些数据将在您的设备上匿名化，此后我们无法识别您的身份。

Cookie 数据
Cookie 是包含少量数据的文件，通常使用匿名唯一标识符。 这些信息会从您访问的网站发送到您的浏览器，并存储在您计算机的硬盘上。我们的网站不使用这些“cookies”来收集您的任何信息。

服务供应商
由于以下原因，我们可能会雇用第三方公司和个人：

促进我们的服务；
代表我们提供服务；
执行与服务相关的服务；或者
协助我们分析我们的服务是如何被使用的。

我们告知我们的服务用户，这些第三方可能会根据他们的隐私政策访问您的个人身份信息。您将收到有关这些服务的明确通知。

链接到其他网站
我们的服务可能包含指向其他网站的链接。如果您单击第三方链接，您将被定向到该站点。请注意，这些外部网站并非由我们运营。因此，我们强烈建议您查看这些网站的隐私政策。 我们无法控制任何第三方网站或服务的内容、隐私政策或做法，也不承担任何责任。

儿童隐私
我们的服务不针对 12 岁以下的任何人。我们不会有意收集 14 岁以下儿童的个人身份信息。如果我们发现 14 岁以下的儿童向我们提供了个人身份信息，我们会立即从我们的服务器中删除该信息 . 如果您是父母或监护人，并且知道您的孩子向我们提供了个人信息，请与我们联系，以便我们能够采取必要的行动。

本隐私政策的变更
我们可能会不时更新我们的隐私政策。因此，我们建议您定期查看此页面以了解任何更改。我们将通过在此页面上发布新的隐私政策来通知您任何更改。这些更改在发布到此页面后立即生效。

联系我们
如果您对我们的隐私政策有任何疑问或建议，请随时联系我们：civitas@u.northwestern.edu